HSBC :
Roles and responsibilities as a developer
Workflow of last project
What is REST API
What is http methods
Http status codes
Workflow of spring boot application
Spring security
Spring actuator
Authentication vs Authorization
Restcontroller annotation
Componentscan annotation
Headers in rest api
Garbage collection
Method overloading vs overriding
Shallow copy vs deep copy
HSBC Client round interview:
 
1. spring boot annotations
2. exception handling in spring boot
2. write a Rest controller class with annotations
3. reverse a string after removing the vowels.
4. microservice : load balancer, api gateway
5. http codes
6. hibernate basic annotations
Role & Responsibilities on Previous Project
Architecture & Workflow of project
List<Integer>number = List. Of(10,50,12,34,78) find the number Starts with 1
List<Integer>number = List. Of(1,5,3,4,7) find sum of 2 largest Number & Index
Spring Security
Exception handling spring boot
Microservice: Api gateway, circuit Design pattern
Spring batch
fetch dept wise count from Employee table
Garbage Collection
Hibernate Session Management
Java8,11,16,17 features and couple of lines explanation
Find 3 Maximum and 3 Minimum number from given list - [45, 12, 56, 15, 24, 75, 31, 89]
unique employees from a given list of employees
sort list of employees based on employee name
comparable vs comparator
Singleton design pattern
reactive programming - where did i make use of completableFuture
Global exception handling
Write an API for file uploading and retrieving - managing the proper return types of the API, Load, file size which included Circuit design pattern and ratelimitter explanation
Spring profiling
Security concept - explaining JWT token based authentication
Microservice communication - what all ways that i am aware about microservice communication

Workflow of last project
Authentication vs Authorization
Http status code 
what is IOC
what is DI
difference between spring and spring boot
list HTTP Methods 
503 status code
JUNIT testing
what is the use of actuator in our application
Explain your role in project
Headers in rest api 
Component annotation
Repository annotation
CI/CD pipeline 
Project deployment
What are all headers you have used in postman?
Role & Responsibilities on Previous Project
Architecture & Workflow of project
Exception handling spring boot
Microservice: Api gateway, circuit Design pattern
spring boot annotations
What is REST API
What is http methods
Method overloading vs overriding
Write a code to identify employee count who is present in company using java 8
write a Rest controller class with annotations
Spring security
What is idempotency?
Which HTTP methods are idempotent?
How does a request flow from the frontend to the backend?
How have you implemented logging in your application?
Have you used AWS CloudWatch?
How do you monitor your application (e.g., using Grafana, Prometheus)?
What are HTTP status codes?
What is the difference between SOAP and REST?
What type of data does an HTTP request contain?
What are the different types of HTTP headers?
What is Spring Security?
What is a JWT token?
Which AWS services have you used for deployment?
What is a Jenkins pipeline?
Project-related: How does the payment gateway work in your project?
Difference between spring, Spring MVC, and Springboot
@SpringApplication
What is ioc

1.Gave some code snippets and asked for output(Mostly on Strings, mappings, polymorphism.. etc..).
2. Provided code snippet and asked which design pattern suits it.
3. List Oops concepts and some info.
4. Future and Completable future - difference
5. Scheduler annotations in sprint boot.
6. Saga Pattern (types and which one is good).
7. SQL - Usage of RANK, DENSE_RANK & ROW_NUMBER - difference
8. Security - You have one endpoint which is giving 200 as status code for one user and 401(unauthorised) for another user - what exactly API is doing here.
9. what kind of security you have used in recent project you worked and how you implemented it.
10. Explain - how many ways we have to communicate b/w services and which is best.
11. What is rate limiting.
12. Exceptional handling Globally and how to create custom exception for global exception and annotations used.
13. Any experience on CI/CD and what role you played for deployments.
14. Any experience on Cloud tech(GCP)
 
L2 - All questions will be based on your recent project and will depend entirely on your previous answers.
examples
 
1. How many controllers/API's you have created in recent project.
2. How you secured them.
3. Do you supported any production deployments?
4. Do you have any support experience? if yes, how exactly you have handled it and what is the major issue you got and how you fixed it.
L1 :
===
1. Explain the previous project architecture.
2. What are the Java 17 and Java 8 features.
3. what is Synchronization?
4. what is the Difference between Synchronized block and Synchronized Method.
5. if two threads access at a time How to handle ConcurrentModificationException?
6. what is the difference between HashMap and Concurrent HashMap?
7. Internal working of Concurrent HashMap?
8. What are the annotations used in Rest API.
9. what is Circuit Breaker?
10. What is Spring Cloud? 
11.What are the Java Design Patterns used in your project.
12. what is Singleton pattern? write custom singleton class?
13. write a program start with digits,
List<String> listOfStrings = Arrays.asList("One", "2wo", "3hree", "Four", "5ive", "Six"); 

output: 
Case 1:  ("2wo", "3hree","5ive")
case 2. {2wo = 1, 3hree = 1, 5ive = 1}

14.  Write a Program below String is Valid or not?
 
String str = "([]";
 
L2:
==
1. Previous project architecture.
2. What is Hash Collison
3. Difference between Method Overloading and Overriding
4. composition and aggregation ?
5. if variable created with static key-word will you able to modify after creation?
6. How to create Custom annotation?
7. Java 8 features?
8. Autowired and types of autowired.
9. All spring boot annotations.
10. how to create a composite key in entity class.
11. how to avoid Serialization for Sensitive data in JPA?
12. API gate way?
13. Git Commands?
14. ExecutorService, Completable Future
15. Saga design pattern
16. how to handle cors and csrf ?
17. **Finding Elements:**
 
    *   Find the longest string in a `List<String>`.
 
    *   ```java
 
        List<String> words = Arrays.asList("apple", "banana", "kiwi", "grapefruit");
 
        // Find the longest word

18. find the Integer startsWith "1"
 
List<Integer> myList = Arrays.asList(10,15,8,49,25,98,32);    
 


SET 1 :
1) Given a decimal Array print elements highest to lowest.
int[] arr = {12.45, 6.9 , 23.58, 17.13, , 42.89, 33.78, 71.85};
 
2) Print only numbers by eliminating all other characters from String.
String s1 = "1,1,4,5@3,1{6,7,4,8,9,3,4:5:7:?5?9?3?5?6,2";  
 
3)fetch the top 3 highest paid employees in each department.
employee_id
employee_name
salary
department_id
department name
 
4) About Big Decimal and when we use it.
5)Exception handling in Spring boot @ControlerAdvice, @Exception Handler
6)About Unit Test cases, Junit, Assert and all Annotations.
7) Service Discovery and Registry in Micro services
8) SDLC and Agile Process
9) Azure Services
10) CI/CD Jenkins pipeline creation.
11) About boxed() method in type conversion in streams.
12) Fail fast and fail Safe iterator
13) internal working of hashMap and updates to hashmap after 1.8 JAVA
14) Executor Service
15) Difference between Runnable & Callable
16) Difference between isPresent(), ifPresent()
17) Build Singleton class



SET 2 :
1.Write a Palindrome program in different ways.
2.what is Overriding explain with example?
3.What is meant by multithreading and difference between join and wait methods ?
4.what are features in java8 ?
5.What is the default and static methods in interface ?
6.How to perform single task by multiple threads ?
7.Microservices architecture
8.What is use of SpringBootApplication annotation
9.Exception handling hierarchy
10.Hashmap internal implementation
11.What is Serialization ?
12.Difference between Final, static and transient keyword
13.What are the difference between constructor and method in java ?
14.How to create restful webservices ?
15.Difference between pessimistic and optimistic locking ?
16.what is the purpose of spring IOC ?
17.what are the difference annotations used in spring boot?
16.Programs of Arrays ?
17.Explain about project architecture ?
18.What are the design patterns used on your project ?
19.What is the use of aggregate functions ?
20.What is the difference between cartesian join and cross join ?
21.Spring MVC architecture.
22.Explain how application server handles the JMS Connection ?
23.What are the main APIs of Kafka and explain ?
======================
SET 3 :
1. Difference between Method overloading and Method overriding
2. Is there is any possible to override the static method and why
3.  Why is String being immutable
4. Difference between Checked Exception and Un-Checked Exception 
5. What is try with resource statement in java
6. Will finally block always execute in java
7. Is there any way to stop the finally block before executing
8. What are the uses of System. Exit
9. What is an agenda of Array list in java
10. What are the main features in Spring Boot
11. What is use of Rest controller
12. What are the new features in java 8
13. If you are worked on one banking application and that app is getting slow from user end. How do you going to identify the issue, what are the faces that you be monitor.
--------------------------------------


SET 4 :
1.        What are all the collections used in Project ?
2.        Hash Map and its internal details?
3.        Is there any Optimization Done in HashMap in Java 8 with respect to performance? 
4.        How to Synchronize thread without using Synchronized Keyword?
5.        Thread Life Cycle
6.        What is the difference between Blocked and waiting Thread state
7.        Is HashMap is Thread safe. How to Synchronize HashMap?
8.        What is concurrent HM & explain internal working?
9.        Streams - Name the Functional Interface introduced with Examples?
10.        How communication happens between Microservices?
11.        Kafka Messaging and Its working 
12.        What does git rebase do?
13.        On Unit Testing, Say some syntax on it and explain about Argument Matcher.
14.        What will happen if one bean(A) is dependent on another bean(B) and B dependent on A in spring?
15.        In Case of Rest API, where does the call lands in before hitting controller ?
16.        How the Flow happens from API Call to DB Storage
17.        How to limit Number of user accessing Rest API
18.        Consider List of Employees Emp1(id,Name,age) , Using stream, I want the result like this in Map<String,List<Employee>>:
a.        (Employees LessThan30Age, empl1);
b.        (Employees LessThan40Age,emp2);
----------------------------------------
SET 5:
Java:
1.How Garbage Collection is working in java.
2.try with resources.
3.Java 8 features.
4.Functional Interfaces.
5.Exception handling in java.
6.String constant pool in java.
7.association,aggregation,composition.
8.what is StreamAPI in java.
9.code snippet for Salary>30000 in Employee Object using Streams.
10.Hashmap and ConcurrentHashMap difference
11.Iteration in List and Map code snippets.
SET 6:
1.Springboot Annotations.
2.@Autowired.
3.Creation of spring boot project using STS.
4.spring data jpa.
5.Springboot Sample application flow.
6.Exception handling in spring boot.
7.Springboot starters.
8.Rest API flow.
9.snippet for creating RestAPI.
10.@PathVariable and @RequestParam.
11.get() and load() in hibernate.
12.update() and merge() in hibernate.
13.dirty checking mechanism.
14.Exception handling in Junit.
15.save() and saveOrUpdate() in hibernate.
16.Security for RestAPIs.
--------------------------------------------
SET 7:
Tell in detail about your previous project
How two microservices communicate
How logger is configured and used in your project
What is serialisation and deserialization
Aop in spring
Flatmap vs map
Why do we implement lamda expression with functional interface
Hashmap vs hashtable
In configuration file we have userid and password but if we should not have password there for security how you can do that.
--------------------------------------------
Concepts to Refresh, 
String 
Collections 
Array list 
Linked list 
Features of java 8 
What is spring boot 
Hibernate 
@autowired 
Explain about last project and your roles. 
-------------------------------------------
SET 8:

1.Tell me about yourself
2.Tell me about your roles and responsibilities in your current project
3.what is lombok approach in springboot?
4.What is Abstraction?
5.Have you worked in EJB?
6.What is meant by Hash map?
7.Asked about JPA Repository
8.springboot actuator and actuator endpoints
9.Explain about few API.
10.new features in Java8.
11. What is meant by Stream API?
12. what is the difference between Controller and Rest Controller?
13. Compare Dependency injection and IOC.
--------------------------------------------
SET 9:
1)        Program to iterate over List using Lambda expression.
2)        Print the character array to string without whitespace.
3)        Compare the two strings with values and null .
4)        Access specifiers and types.
5)        Difference between heap memory and stack memory.
6)        How to retrieve the data from table using JDBC.
7)        Memory usage.
8)        Write a SQL query LEFT JOIN for two table.
9)        Modifying annotation.
10)        Qualifier annotation
11)        Handler class in spring boot.
12)        Spring handler mappings.
13)        How to retrieve the particular column from table using JPA hibernate.
14)        Filter or search the table by keyword of different columns and retrieve the data from DB directly in spring boot.
SET 10:
1.About previous project.
       2.OOPS Concepts.
       3.Difference between Array List and Linked List.
       4.Internal working on HashMap
       5.Mappings in Hibernate. 
       6.Explain some Annotation used in Spring Boot.
       7.How to add external server.
       8.Question to guess the output for program.
       9.Practical experience on coding.
       10. Explain our Projects and she asked more on project.
--------------------------------------------
SET 11:
-----------
Explain your old project.
What is object methods 
When you use equals and hash code
Synchronize method and synchronize block
Finally and finalize
Annotations in spring boot
Rest template
How to send response status to client
Rest controller
Request param
Exceptions in spring boot
How to put column name in spring data jpa
Annotation in spring data jpa
Second highest salary query in mysql
-----------------------------------------------
SET 12
1.Project flow in spring Boot?
2.What are the Spring Boot annotations for REST API?
3.How Hash Map works Internally?
4.How @SpringBootApplication Work internally?
5.What is @ Autowired?
6.What is difference between Predicate and Filter?
7.What is advantage of microservices?
8.what is @Scop?
9.can we use more than one properties file?
10.How to call properties file or where we call it?
11.code for finding the list of element which is grater then 50.
SET 13 :
1. Difference between Delete and Truncate
2. How does a communication between an UI and Rest API happens?
3. What are all the build tools you have worked on like ANT, MAVEN?
4. Source code management tools worked on like GIT, SVN?
5. How was the JSON contract made in your previous projects?
6. Have you worked on Linux platforms? If yes why Linux?
7. Explain the architecture of the Project you worked on?
8. One scenario based question related to @Transient annotation. 
9. What is OPTIONAL in java 8? Explain with a real time example?
SET 14:
1. Primary key & unique key difference
2. Migrating project from spring MVC framework to spring boot
3. Actuator endpoints
4. Stream api scenario based
5. Features of java 8
6. UI framework project related
7. ORM springboot implementation
SET 15:
1.        Agile process
2.        How sequential sprints are handled in agile methodology for jira story that are more than a month
3.        Restful scenario based questions for date/time response types
4.        Restful scenario based questions for handling CRUD operations
5.        Security mechanisms in REST API
6.        Java 1.8 stream API and lambda expression
7.        code review and testing tools utilized in previous project
8.        ui technologies project specific
9.        DBMS - primary key vs unique key
10.        DBMS - Outer joins
 
SET 16:
1.spring boot features .
2.advantage and disadvantage of spring boot
3.what is lambda expressions.
4.what is stream API in java 8 and methods.
5.What is Rest API and flow.
6.controller vs rest controller.
7.what is JPA.
8.what are the annotation used in your project .
9.I got 2 scenario based questions.
10.mostly project specific questions only.
CSL Developer Questions: Topics to be covered( Java 8,spring boot, Microservices, JSON API, Spring security, Hibernate)
 
SET 17:
1. Java8 new features
2. What is the lambda expression and example
3. What is the predict and example
4. What is consumer and example
5. How to build microservices
6. Is microservices state full or state less
7. Monolith and microservices
8. Do you have experience on docker
9. Do you have experience on AngularJS
10. What is the utils function
11. How to handle cache value in microservices
12. Have you familiar with graphql
13. Have you familiar with json API or 
14. Have you familiar with dozer
15. Have worked on reacts, JavaScript framework
 
 SET 18:
 -----------
1. How to configure Db to java application
2. Where u have to provide DB password
3. What is the background process to store details in DB
4. What is consuming services and what are steps to call consume services.
5. How to enable security for web services.
6. I have 6 rows to insert DB if 4th row throws exception what will be the output.
7. Diff b/w save and saveOrUpdate method.
8. Explain Java8 features.
9. Diff b/w comparable and comparator
10. Diff b/w first level cache and second level cache
11. Is it possible to disable first level cache
12. What is concurrentHashMap
13.What is thread safe
14.What is synchronization
15. When concurrentmodificationException will raise?
-------------------------------------------
SET 19:
-----------
Difference between Method overloading and Method overriding
What is Serialization?
What are the design patterns used on your project?
what are features in java8 ?
Internal working of hashmap
How to create custom exception
Difference between throw and throws
Microservices architecture
What is use of SpringBootApplication annotation
what is the purpose of spring IOC ?
what are the difference annotations used in spring boot?
@PathVariable and @RequestParam.
get() and load() in hibernate.
Java8 features
Hashmap vs hashtable
-------------------------------------------
SET 20:
-----------
1. Which design patterns are used in ur project
2. What is singleton design pattern how to create it?
3. What is factory design pattern
4. What is meant by file support format?
5. Which modules are using in ur project?
6. Explain AOC ?
7. if u taken key and value as object in iteration time how get key value(Directly or do apply some validations)
8. What is Rest API
9. How consume REST API?
10. How to provide security for that consume API?
11. What is the purpose of serialization?
12. Explain about previous project?
-------------------------------------------
SET 21:
-----------
1. Introduction yourself
2. Share your past experiences with your company
3. What is main method in Java and c++
4. What is data abstraction
5. Can we create an instance of abstract class
6. How will access method of abstract class and write a program for that
7. Write a program to find a first occurrence of repeated character
8. What is the use of set interface
9. If we create a employee class and want to remove duplicate of employees object using set interface how will you do that
10. Internal working of hash set
11. What is the use of hash code and equals method , == operator
-------------------------------------------
SET 22:
-----------
1. Explain workflow of Data from UI to spring.
2. Springboot Features.
3. Remove employee from list whose salary is less than 10000.
4. How to add 50 employee details in arraylist?
----------
1) Program to find the frequency of characters in a string.
2) compare the two String with "==" operator and equals() method?
3) why String is immutable in Java?
4) Hashmap and its internal function.
5) Explain about Collection framework.
6) Explain anyone interface in collection.
7) Predefined Functional interface.
8) Spring MVC.
9) Project flow of spring boot.
10) How to create object at runtime?
11) Java Reflection.
12) How to avoid null pointer exception?
13) Jenkins and its flow control.
14) Rest API and its producer and consumer concept.
-------------------------------------------
SET 23:
----------
1)What are functional or SAM interfaces
 2)What is the default method, and why is it required
 3)What is the lambda expression in Java and How does a lambda expression relate to a functional interface
 4)How many ways we can declare a string in Java
 5)What does the string intern() method do in Java
 6)State the difference between StringBuffer and StringBuilder in Java
 7) Explain Java Exception Hierarch
 8)output of below program
 class HelloWorld {
public static void main(String[] args) {
String s1="Sachin";
String s2="Sachin"; 
String s3="Umang";
String s4= new String("Varun");
System.out.println(s1.compareTo(s2)); // 0
System.out.println(s1.compareTo(s3)); // -2
System.out.println(s4.compareTo(s1)); // 3
}
}
9)What is the need for overriding equals() method in Java
10) What is the HashSet class in Java and how does it store elements
11)What are the Spring Boot starters and what are available the starters
12) What is Spring Boot dependency management
13) Explain what is thymeleaf and how to use thymeleaf
14)Can we change the port of the embedded Tomcat server in Spring boot
15)what is Auto configuration in springboot
16) What are the advantages of using Hibernate over JDBC
17) What is HQL
18)What is One-to-Many association in Hibernate
19) What are safe REST operations?
20) What are idempotent operations? Why is idempotency important
21What is the difference between @Controller and @RestController
22)Where do you need @EnableWebMVC
23)How does Microservice Architecture work
24)What are the challenges you face while working Microservice Architectures
25) What is Two Factor Authentication
26) What are the different subsets of SQL
27)What is a Self-Join
*)How to create empty tables with the same structure as another table
*) Write the SQL query to get the third maximum salary of an employee table
employee_name        salary
A                  24000
C                  34000
D                   55000
E                      75000
F                  21000
G                 40000
H                 50000
-------------------------------------------
SET 24:
----------
1) what are the features of java8
 2)What are functional or SAM interfaces
 3)Why we need to go for functional interfaces when we have the normal interfaces available.
 4)what is a singleton and give real time example for that.
 5)what are immutable class.
 6)How to handle null checks using java8
 7)what is the difference between Arraylist and linked list
 8)what is doubly linked list
 9)What is the lambda expression in Java 
 10)Explain internal implementation of HashMap.
 11) How is equals and hashcode related.
12)Given an array of integers nums and an integer target, return indices of the two numbers such that they add up to target. You may assume that each input would have exactly one solution, and you may not use the same element twice. You can return the answer in any order. For example, for a given input nums = [3, 5, 6, 2]
and target = 7, the output will be [1, 3] where nums[1] + nums[3] = target.
11)what additional features does springboot provides over spring.
12) What is the starter dependency of springBoot module.
14)what are the difference bean scopes available and which is the default bean scope.
15)what are the profiles in springBoot.
16) What is the difference between @Controller and @RestController
17) Explain the steps to create Restcontroller API.
18)what are the different HTTP methods available.
19) what is the difference between PUT and PATCH?
20) Explain Auto configuration in springBoot.
21)what are the different types of Joins in sql.
22) SQL query to find the count of Grade A and Grade B of students in student table.
23) what is Normalization.
-------------------------------------------
SET 25:
----------
 1)what is the difference between Arraylist and linked list
 2)Explain internal implementation of HashMap
 3) How is equals and hashcode related
 4)what are immutable class
 5) What is the HashSet class in Java and how does it store elements
 6)State the difference between StringBuffer and StringBuilder in Java
 7)Explain Java Exception Hierarch
 8)Difference between default and protected
 9)what is HashTable
 10)Coding questions on java 8
 11)what are the differenct bean scopes available and which is the default bean scope
 12)what are the different HTTP methods available
 13) what is Normalization
 14)What is One-to-Many association in Hibernate
 15)what is thymeleaf
 16)How you connect with database in springBoot
 17)what are available the starters
 18)What is the difference between @Controller and @RestController
 19)what are the profiles in springBoot.
 20)Coding Questions on spring Boot 
-------------------------------------------
SET 26:
----------
1. use of JDK exclude jre?
2. failFast vs failSafe in java?
3. finally and finalize methods and usages?
4. special features of marker interfaces?
5. programs on java8 stream API?
6. ConcurrentHashMap and it's features?
7. parent and child exception handling in try catch blocks?
8. @Component @autowire @bean @required annotations?
9. tomcat vs weblogic?
10. immutable class and it's features?
11. Design Patterns in Java.
12) Double checked locking with singleton class in Java.
13) How did u implemented rest services
14) Difference between shallow copy and deep copy
15) Program to find the second largest integer in an array and its time complexity
16) Difference Between Serialization and Externalization.
17) Internal working of Set in Collection API
18) Sort output of 2 logs as per TimeStamp.
19) we have emp class with user id, name, city, etc, we have to sort some time with city or name. how to do? 
20) what is Builder design pattern
-------------------------------------------
SET 27:
----------
"1. <Amount>1500.00</Amount>
for above amount write a code snippet to convert this value till decimal point(1500)
2. what is get and post methods
3.What are main features of java 8
4.write a code snippet to get salary of all the employees whose age is greater than 30 using streams
5. explain about your project(basically he was more focus on design pattern and how we connect database and all)
6.Have you used Spring boot in your project? what is use of @SpringbootApplication annotation?
7.How do you cheack health of a spring boot application?
8.What collections have you used in your project?
9.How does two microservices communicate?
10. write a sql query to find the third highest salary
11. can we override static method? if yes/no then why?
12.what is functional interface, what will happen if we don't annotate it with @Functionalinterface annotation"
-------------------------------------------
SET 28:
----------
1) what are the features of java8
2)What is the lambda expression in Java 
3)What is immutable class
4)Write the program missing number from 1 to 10
5)Write a java program to find the repeated character in a string
6)What is spring IOC
7)What does spring boot provides over spring
8)What is Spring Boot dependency management
9)what are the profiles in springBoot
10)what is controller and restcontroller
11)Explain the steps to create Restcontroller API
12)How to configure the external server in Spring boot
13)What is spring boot starter

SET 29:
----------  -------------------
1. Check the codes for compile or runtime error
2. Exception handling
3. inheritance - super class & child class relation
L2 Round:
---------
1. why is string immutable?
2. Heap memory and String pool?
3. what is functional interface? and list few functional interface
4. what is marker interface?
5. explain how hashmap works internally?
6. what is servlet?
7. explain Spring mvc?
8. difference between @controller and @RestController
9. spring boot annotations?
10. what is diamond ambiguity in java?
11. what is qualifier in java?
A qualifier is an annotation that you apply to a bean. A qualifier type is a Java annotation defined as @Target({METHOD, FIELD, PARAMETER, TYPE}) and @Retention(RUNTIME). For example, you could declare an @Informal qualifier type and apply it to another class that extends the Greeting class.
-------------------------------------------
SET 30:
----------  ------------
1.Explain about your project and Roles and Responsibilities.
2.What is servlet why we use the servlet.
3.What is @Bean annotation.
4.what is @Qualifier annotation.
5.How to test List.
6.Spring Boot advantages.
7.Hashmap internal flow.
8.what is use of contain() method in java8.
9.Functional interface.
10.What is use of optional.
11.String swap example.
-------------------------------------------
SET 31:
----------  -------------------- ------------
To find output of the program
1.Code with short(datatype) paramaters 
2.Difference between equals(),hashcode() and == operator
3.Exception handling 
4.Multithreading( Using thread)
5.Inheritance(Hybrid)
6.Inheritance(Multilevel)
7.code using Set(collection)
8.Using String and Integers
eg. String x=a;
     String y=b;
 System.out.print(x+5+9+b);
SET 32 :
•	 Understanding on collections, SOLID principles, Data structures 
•	Explain design principle using java 
•	write a program for observer design pattern and explain how is it working. 
•	Explain java 8 concept. 
•	Employee have firstName ,doj,id sort firstName if name is equal then sort by date of joning write java program 
•	what is thread. 
•	how thread locking working 
•	Explain executor framework in java 
•	find hightest 3rd no from the list 
•	what is abstract 
•	Explain what is abstraction and encapsulation and its difference 
•	how to print highest integer value in java 
•	what is oops concepts. 
•	Explain Previous  project architecture and daily activities in previous project 
SET 33 :
•	Find out last digit no is below string 
5four3seven1eight9two
 
•	Reverse the number 
int abc= 12345;
 1)How Autoconfigurations internally works
2) How to create your own library
3) How to deal with microservice having more than 1 database
4) what setup is needed for AOTs server
5) Have you used Junit and done integrated testing
6) Given an array of integers, find the length of the longest subsequence such that all elements of the subsequence are sorted in increasing order
SET 34 :
1.Thread life cycle
2.Fail fast and fail safe iterators
3.Difference betwee deep cloning and shallow cloning
4.Difference between hashset and treeset
5.How to achive cloning.
6.What is generics
 7.Spring batch flow
8.whar are the methods come into to the picutre when you are using tasklet
 9.difftent states of object in hibernate
10.Session factory and session diffrenes
11.Orphan record
12.What are the springboot dependences used.
13.What is spring initializer
what is the code coverage
Deployment process(Jenkins knowledge)
There was only coding questions in which the string list considering {“aaabbbb” , “ccccdddd“} , we need to pass a search key character like ‘a’ then it has to return no of the occurrence of that character 
 Out put : a=3
SET 35 :
1. The Customer class has a reference to the Product class, which contains the following attributes. In the Product class, ensure that any null values are handled appropriately, replacing them with an empty string ("") if necessary.
Customer
Product 
product_Id
product_Name
 Customer customer
 Optional<Customer> cust=Optional.ofNullable(customer).orElse("")
 2. In the given code snippet, how many objects will create?
 String str ="name";
str = str+"hello";
String str =new String("name");
StringBuilder sb = new StringBuilder("name");
sb.append("name");
 3. How GarbageCollection will work in spring boot?
4. what is the difference bw @Component and @Bean?
5. how internally work the ng serve command in angular?
6. How the angular application works internally with port 4200?
7. what are types of Observables in Angular?
8. Few questions from resume inputs and project level?
SET 36:
Introduction of yourself
1)how did you do the cloud migration - explain (This question if you have done any cloud migration)
2)before cloud migration, how it was
3)Technical challenges you faced on the migration from Java 8 to advanced versions of Java 11/17.
4) Can you tell me what are the different Java 8 features you have worked on and explain them.
5) We have Employee list, group the employees by country dynamically --- SQL query   
6) we have int array from 1 to 10 number, print 1st 2 even numbers and last 3 odd numbers
7) (30,20,10,50,60) , sort without the default sorting method
8) what are the different bean scopes which are there and explain them.

9) how do you deploy the docker image
10) SQL migration - how you have done
11) Employee id , name, Dept - dept id name
write query where you have to display the employees belonging to that particular department
based on the result display print 1st 2 top department name
12) Migration project - will you be able to write Docker file for the legacy applications
13) what are the different pods on the docker file
base image starts with Java image or maven

SET 37 :

1) Brief Introduction

2) What are the technologies you have used

3) Version of Spring Boot used?

4) Annotations used in Spring Boot

5) Why we are @autowire annotations are used ?, Any difference between New and @autowire

6) What are the different scope available for your @automwire injection - Session, singleton, etc

7) Do you know how to write the singleton pattern

8) Asked about wild fly, JBOSS,

9) What is the structure in wild fly, spring Boot will be deployed as .JAR, how wild fly structure will be

10) Have you worked on POM setup
11) what are the steps you take to migrate from legacy to Spring Boot (example from your wild fly to Spring Boot)

12) If POM file has some issue, internally both(Dependency A & B has same child dependency with different version) have the child dependency

13) Do you know what is Maven dependency

14) If I want to build .WAR file out of Maven, what are the steps

15) Have you used, WEB.XML what is it

16) If I want to write custom security profile, where will you write and implement

17) What is the security implementation you have in your project (Authentication & Authorization)

18) Which version of Java you are working with and how about Java 11, Java 17

19) Person object having name and age, I want put this into a map with different age ranges

20) Do you know how to write your own collectors - related to above code questions

21)SQL query - employee count based on the dept, also one more question in SQL Person object having name and age, I want put this into a map with different age ranges  -- same in SQL Query

22) What is lazy loading ?

23) CI/CD pipeline

24) Do you know what Docker file contains

25) Have you done some corrections in Docker file

26) how to write environment parameters in docker file

27) Any cloud you have used

28) what you have done in AWS

29) Your application is in the cloud or infra

30) Code quality tool used

31) if any performance issue you have, , how do you analyse and what are the steps you take

32) what is the purpose of adding indexing

33) Have you worked on Kubernetes or clusters

34) What you did in Kubernetes

35) struts application which is WebLogic, JBOSS server to Spring Boot , what is your approach

36) Have you worked on any LDAP

SET 38 :


1)Introduction

2)What kind of Authorization and Authentication you have worked on

3) I have Java EE application, we have basic authentication, now I have to migrate it to cloud, 

     what will be your strategy if you want to introduce LDAP or etc.

4)What kind of servers you have worked other than tomcat server

5) have you done POC on any other servers by yourself, (as currently we have legacy application, struts)

6) if the application is Mavenized, now I want to introduce the Maven for this migration project

7) What kind of configuration for Maven you need  (in legacy .JAR file is part of the bundle rigt now)

8) How do you move from Jar file to Maven file

9) for JEE what is the bundle - .WAR file, for Spring Boot it will be different format - .JAR file

10) database experience

11) what is your strategy to migrate from Oracle to PostgreSQL

12) ORM tool related - how do you handle performance issue in DB

13) what are the coding best practices please mention.

14) Java version - have you worked on Stream API

15) based on the employee count , display top 2 department - using Java 8, now you want only display 4th index

16) Experience in query writing in SQL-

17) when do you classify it is complex query

18) Display employees who is born on January month

19) What if you get more than 1 lakh record in the page - what is your suggestion to fix the issues

20 ) Have you worked with any Design patter , how are you restricting only one instance.

21) Do you know what is static keyword

22) what is final keyword, diff between static and final

23) How do you avoid deadlock situation, have you created synchronized

24) Spring Boot is single threaded model or multithreaded, what is the limit. How do you set the thread limit in your spring boot application.

25) Have you worked with concurrent programming in Java 8

26) How do you communicate with Microservices

27) How do you handle Failures in Microservices

28) What is circuit breaker pattern

29) What is your confidence level if you are working with cloud migration project

SET 39 :


Introduction, current project technologies, project explanation - only few mins.
Spring boot - how to create customized filters.
Authorization and authentication – more questions on this.
About threads – scenario based questions
How to generate the tokens, Encrypting, Decrypting.
How we are providing the access
Why interfaces are required
Why @autowired is required
Without creating class object, how to access the methods
Ex: List<String> list = new Arraylist<String>, why can't we do like this ArrayList<String> list = new Arraylist<String>.
SQL query - joins query
Final class
Why static keyword for method and variable without that what will happen
How to create customized configuration class
How spring will identify particular configuration
Based on no of logins 1000 users for 1000 threads – Can we do like this.
How to call microservices ?
AWS - docker image related stuff
Unit test cases, code quality,
CI/CD pipeline, after code quality report - what kind suggestions the report will give.
How much % code coverage  in your project,
Roles and responsibility
Which Role you are interested in taking
SET 40 :
•	what are the steps you take to migrate from legacy to Spring Boot (example from your wild fly to Spring Boot)
•	Do you know how to write the singleton pattern
•	How do you deal with performance issue and how do you analyse
•	Are you using any security filters
•	Authentication and authorization strategy in your project
•	version of spring boot
•	which server your project hosted infra/ cloud
•	I have Java EE application, we have basic authentication, now I have to migrate it to cloud, 
•	what will be your strategy if you want to introduce LDAP or etc.

SET 41 :


1)Introduction

2)what was the legacy application skills and what is the migration skills

3)what is the local db and what is the migration db

 on the database migration, what was the data types migrated to postgreSQL

4)Have you done anything from code as well - for Java migration

5)how do you identify which required changes for migration

6)Containerization for docker related questions

7)Suppose you are working on core Java project with Java EE, now I have to do cloud migration , currently hosted on Jboss, what is strategy for writing for Docker file for enterprise application. 

 if not tell for spring boot project.

8)What is the base image

9) in docker file how do you accomplish for .JAR, .WAR packaging

10) have you worked on Jenkins pipeline - building images

11) if you want to run a code quality tool, where it will run

12) now you have deployed your project, now how do you monitor your application - performance, memory utilization

13) load balancing related questions

14) how do you move the data from oracle to PostgreSQL

15) based on the employee count , display top 2 department - SQL query

16) Employee count for each department in SQL query

17) based on the employee count , display top 2 department - using Java 8

